Wow, it smells so good, Shishi
You did all this.
It's not me, it's Chu Fang
Chu Fang, that rascal, can also cook
Hmph, don't eat if you dislike me
Who says
Oh, dear.
What are you busy with?
OK
I didn't expect you to cook so delicious!
It's delicious
Zhong Yuntao's tumor is in a special location
Surgery is very risky
you
Is there a good plan?
I think this
The patient's condition plus age
Surgery is not the best option
Drug control should be carried out
Do your best to prolong patient life
This approach is currently the best solution
Dr. Law
What do you think?
The patient is in serious condition
Medication only lasts a year at most
But Dean, you have a point. I
Dean, I have now decided to operate on the patient
Dr. Wei, this is the dean, look
You see
This plan was just sent to me by someone.
This plan is the closest to the perfect plan at present
As long as we follow him
There's no danger at all.
Who would have devised such an intravenous solution?
Well, now that we have a plan
You should schedule the surgery for the patient as soon as possible
But this surgery is extremely demanding for the doctor
Our hospital is afraid that it will be difficult to complete.
Dean master
I can do this. Okay.
That being the case
I'll leave this surgery to Dr. Luo. Okay?
I'll arrange it now.